feat: add Qovery V2 docs (#360)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment/hosting-guides/qovery.md

# Qovery

> [Qovery](https://www.qovery.com) is a fully-managed cloud platform that runs on your AWS, Digital Ocean and Scaleway account where you can host static sites, backend APIs, databases, cron jobs, and all your other apps in one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a step-by-step guide for deploying a Strapi project on [Qovery](https://www.qovery.com). Qovery is a fully-managed cloud platform that runs on your AWS, DigitalOcean and Scaleway account where you can host static sites, backend APIs, databases, cron jobs, and all your other apps in one place.
```

> Qovery provides **free hosting** for individual developers and include the following features:

Reviewer: Would you please remove all this paragraph? We tend to avoid marketing-like material in our documentation :-)

* Continuous, automatic builds & deploys from GitHub and GitLab.
* Automatic SSL certificates through [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org).
* Free managed PostgreSQL.
* Free SSD storage.
* Unlimited collaborators.
* Unlimited [custom domains](https://hub.qovery.com/docs/using-qovery/configuration/application/#domains).

## Setup
### 1. Create a Qovery Account
Visit the [Qovery dashboard](https://start.qovery.com) to create an account if you don't already have one.

### 2. Create a project
* Click on **Create project** and give a name to your project.
* Click on **Next**.

![Create a project](https://hub.qovery.com/img/heroku/heroku-2.png)

::: tip NOTE
One project can have multiple apps running. This is convenient to group your backend, frontend, database etc.
:::

### 3. Create a new environment
* Click on **Create environment** and give a name (e.g. staging, production).

![Create a new environment](https://hub.qovery.com/img/heroku/heroku-3.png)

### 4. Add your Strapi app

> * Click on **Create an application**, give a name and select your GitHub or GitLab repository where your Strapi app is located.

Reviewer: These are steps performed in chronological order. So could you please replace bullet points with a numbered list? :-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click on **Create an application**, give a name and select your GitHub or GitLab repository where your Strapi application is located.
```

* Define the main branch name and the root application path.
* Click on **Create**.

![Add your application](https://hub.qovery.com/img/rust/rust.png)

After the application is created:

> * Navigate to your application **Settings**

Reviewer: Same as above, please use a numbered list.

* Select **Port**
* Add port used by your Strapi application

### 5. Deploy a database
Create and deploy a new database PostgreSQL database

To learn how to do it, you can [follow this guide](https://hub.qovery.com/guides/getting-started/create-a-database)

### 6. Add storage
To add storage, go to your application **Settings**:

![Add storage](https://hub.qovery.com/img/add-storage.png)

### 7. Setup your Strapi configuration

> To use PostgreSQL provided by Qovery, you can use the built-in secrets and environment variables. You can read more about environment variables and secrets in our [configuration section](https://hub.qovery.com/docs/using-qovery/configuration/environment-variable/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use PostgreSQL provided by Qovery, you can use the built-in secrets and environment variables (see Qovery's [configuration section](https://hub.qovery.com/docs/using-qovery/configuration/environment-variable/).)
```

### 8. Deploy the app on Qovery

> All you have to do now is to navigate to your application and click on **Deploy**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All you have to do now is to navigate to your application and click on **Deploy**.
```

![Deploy the app](https://hub.qovery.com/img/heroku/heroku-1.png)

That's it. Watch the status and wait till the app is deployed.

> To open the application in your browser, click on **Action** and **Open** in your application overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the application in your browser, click on **Action** and **Open** in your application overview.
```
